Age Calculator
Age calculator is an online tool with which you can find out your age using your date of birth and the current date.

What is an age calculator
An age calculator is a digital tool that can be used to calculate the age of a person, place or thing, based on the information provided in the calculator.

How Can I Calculate Age By Using Age Calculator
Date of birth (DOB) is the only necessary information you need to insert to check the age. The format would be by default, and you will be asked to enter the day, month, and year of you getting born. It will then fetch the information and calculate how many days it’s been on this planet earth.
The recent features added to the age calculator are exciting because they can show you the age in terms of days, months, years, hours, or even minutes. Getting how many hours you have spent on this planet is the type of thing that will help you realize the importance of having a purpose in life.
Enter the DOB information in month/date/year.
Then click on the submit option.
Wait a few seconds and get the result.


How does this age calculator work?
India, as a country, is an amalgamation of cultures where various types of traditional calendars are followed. Prominent among them include the Saka Samvat, Vikram Samvat, and the Hijri calendar. But, when it comes to official purposes, the Gregorian calendar is the calendar used in India as well as various countries around the world.

This calculator also uses the Gregorian calendar to make calculations. A year is divided into 365 days in this calendar, except for a leap year, which has 366 days. The total number of days in a calendar year is categorized into 12 months of varying lengths. Each month either has 30 or 31 days, except February which has 28 days in a normal year and 29 days in a leap year.

The system used by this calculator is the most commonly used age system. In this calculator, a person’s age starts from zero and the person turns one year old only after 12 months have passed. Similarly, in any type of age calculation here, the age is increased by one year after the completion of 12 months from the birth date/start date.

What role does time zone play in the process of age calculation?
Though the time zone doesn’t play a significant role in age calculation, this calculator can detect the user's time zone and display the required age accordingly.




Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Here are some of the most recent questions asked by the users, which we decided to answer briefly.

How Does An Age Calculator Work?
It works on a mathematical formula, which requires input in the form of date of birth (DOB), and it will calculate the number of days based upon the configurations you have set on it.

Does the age calculator show age in hours, minutes?
YES. It can calculate the number of days, minutes you have spent since you’re born on this planet and gives you exact data about it.

Can it check the age of another person?
YES, you need to put the DOB information, and it will calculate the age of that person accordingly.

Can I save the information shown on the age calculator?
Yes, you can get the required information in the default format. If you want to save it for later use, we recommend taking a picture of it or screenshot the desktop screen results. You can share the results directly with your friends by clicking on the share option also.


2. Love Compatibility Calculator

Love Calculator
Find Love % Between You and Your Partner
Enter the required details and hit Calculate


Love Calculator
Do you love someone and want to know if he or she is the special one? Do you want to check how strong your love compatibility is with your partner? Take the true love compatibility test and find how much you score on the love calculator.

True Love Compatibility Test
Are you in love? Do you want to know whether your partner is your soulmate or not? If you are confused about love and want to take a true love compatibility test with your partner, then mPanchang’s love meter is the best option you can go for. This true love compatibility calculator calculates your love percentage by name and date of birth and resolves all your doubts that you have about your relationship. Even if you two are madly in love, tapping on this love meter is fun. So, enter your name and birth details and find what this real love calculator says about your connection.

How Accurate is Love Compatibility Calculator?
The Love Test Calculator or Love Compatibility calculator offers results that have proven to be 100% accurate. The complex algorithms on which the Online Love Calculator works are believed to offer complete authenticity to love meter test results.

How Does Love Percentage Calculator Work?
True Love Calculator follows certain algorithms to calculate love percentage. This true Love compatibility test follows an ancient system of numerology that uses your date of birth and name for making love calculations. It also includes planetary influences which are analyzed solely on the basis of your date of birth. Since the date of birth and name are the main aspects of finding love percentage, the love calculator is referred to as a true love name match or true love calculator by date of birth.

How A True Love Calculator Can Help?
Finding your Love Percentage or Love Compatibility can work wonders in your life. When you calculate love percentage by real love percentage calculator by name and date of birth, you gain clarity and detailed insights into your relationship. Love calculations by a true love calculator motivate you to build a better bond with your partner. It compels you to improve weaker aspects and strengthen your bond. The Love Calculator by name and date of birth, thus, is an amazing tool to calculate your love compatibility with your partner. Even if you are in love with someone and want to check if he/she is your soulmate or not, this online love calculator is the perfect way to find your best love match.


